---

copyright:
  years: 2014, 2021
lastupdated: "2021-11-29"

keywords: 

subcollection: Db2onCloud

---

<!-- Attribute definitions --> 
{:external: target="_blank" .external}
{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:screen: .screen}
{:tip: .tip}
{:important: .important}
{:note: .note}
{:deprecated: .deprecated}
{:pre: .pre}

# {{site.data.keyword.at_short}} events
{: #activity-tracker}

As a security officer, auditor, or manager, you can use the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service to track how users and applications interact with {{site.data.keyword.Db2_on_Cloud_long}} deployments. 
{: shortdesc}

On addition to {{site.data.keyword.at_short}} events, you can configure the DB2 audit facility that provides the ability to audit at both the instance and the individual database level. For more information, see [Introduction to the Db2 audit facility](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/db2/11.5?topic=activities-introduction-db2-audit-facility){: external}.

{{site.data.keyword.at_short}} records service and user initiated activities that change the state of a service in {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}}. You can
use this service to investigate abnormal activity and critical actions and to comply with regulatory audit requirements. In addition, you can be alerted about
actions as they happen. The events that are collected comply with the Cloud Auditing Data Federation (CADF) standard. 
- For more information regarding the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service, see the [Getting started tutorial for {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}}](/docs/activity-tracker?topic=activity-tracker-getting-started).
- A description of the common fields for an Activity Tracker event is on the [Event fields](/docs/activity-tracker?topic=activity-tracker-event) page.

## List of events
{: #at_list_ev}

The following table lists the events that get sent to Activity Tracker from {{site.data.keyword.Db2_on_Cloud_short}} deployments:

| Action | Description |
|-------|-------|
| `db2oncloud.backup-scheduled.create`| This event reports when a scheduled backup of your deployment is created. |
| `db2oncloud.user-password.update`| This event reports when a user's password is updated. |
| `db2oncloud.user.create`| This event reports when a user is created. |
| `db2oncloud.user.delete`| This event reports when a user is deleted. |
| `db2oncloud.backup.restore`| This event reports when the restore from a backup is created.  |
| `db2oncloud.resources.scale`| This event reports when a scaling operation is performed.  |
| `db2oncloud.whitelisted-ips-list.update`| This event reports when the allowlist is modified. |
| `db2oncloud.serviceendpoints.update`| This event reports a change to the service endpoints configuration. |
{: caption="Table 1. List of events and event descriptions" caption-side="top"}

## Viewing events
{: #at_viewing}

Events that are generated by an instance of {{site.data.keyword.Db2_on_Cloud_long}} are automatically forwarded to the {{site.data.keyword.at_short}} instance that is available in the same location.

{{site.data.keyword.at_short}} can have only one instance per location. To view events, you must access the web UI of the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service in the same location where your {{site.data.keyword.Db2_on_Cloud_long}} instance is available. For more information, see [Navigating to the web UI](/docs/activity-tracker?topic=activity-tracker-launch).


 Deployment Region | {{site.data.keyword.at_short}} Region |
|-----------------|------------------------|
| Dallas | `us-south` |
| Washington | `us-east` |
| Frankfurt | `eu-de` |
| London | `eu-gb` |
| Sydney | `au-syd` |
| Tokyo | `jp-tok` |
{: caption="Table 2. Activity Tracker regions" caption-side="top"}


## Additional DB2 auditing information
{: #at_other_audit_events}

You can use the Db2 audit facility to generate an audit trail for predefined database events at both the instance and the individual database level.
- For more information about audit events, see [Audit events](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/db2/11.5?topic=layouts-audit-events){: external}.
- The security administrator can create audit policies to control what is audited within an individual database and at an intance level. For more information about  audit policies, see [Audit policies](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/db2/11.5?topic=facility-audit-policies){: external}.

[Learn more about auditing](/docs/Db2onCloud?topic=Db2onCloud-auditing).


